cselabs
=======
About
-----
I spent a few semesters teaching labs as a graduate 
teaching assistant. In hopes that they might help 
someone either teaching similar content or learning 
these languages themselves, I've decided to put my 
lab assets (PowerPoints, PDFs, code, etc.) online.

The labs in this repo were designed to be presented 
alongside ample verbal explanation, examples, and 
so forth. They are not complete enough to where a 
person with no programming experience would likely 
be able to sit down with them and learn the covered 
languages.

CSE 101L
--------
CSE 101 is the "Basics of Computer Science" class. 
It seemed over the semesters that most students 
expected to be learning how to use Office. Initially, 
it was a broad overview of computer science with a 
lot of fairly technical detail. Eventually, the 
class switched hands and my advisor took over. The 
first semester was a poor transitional period, but 
after that I was able to develop a real lab for it. 
The lecture was covering [Alice][1], but since the 
lecture and lab were not co-dependent, [I chose to 
teach Python][2]. Most everyone came in with no 
programming experience and those in the lecture 
didn't have a huge advantage over those just taking 
the lab.

To switch it up a bit, there are also labs on HTML 
and PHP in this version. I'm unsure whether they 
exist in the missing semester's labs or not.

I'm fairly certain that I've lost a semester of 
material for this lab. The material still covers 
a variety of topics and may serve as a good basis 
for others.

CSE 150EFL Fortran
------------------
CSE 150E covered two languages, Fortran and Matlab. 
I was assigned the Fortran labs and taught them for 
quite a few semesters. [It really isn't a bad 
language][3] and worked fairly well as an intro 
programming class. As this _is_ the latest version, 
all notes are PowerPoint slides.

[1]: http://www.alice.org
[2]: http://cse.unl.edu/~rnelson/python.php
[3]: http://cse.unl.edu/~rnelson/fortran.php